<h1>Overmind</h1>

Overmind is a spiking neural network (SNN) simulator for Android devices with a distributed architecture. 

The neural network is organized in sub-networks. Each sub-network is simulated on a separate terminal. Sub-networks exchange spikes over the internet using the User Datagram Protocol (UDP).

Overmind consists of 2 main components: 
  1) A client application, to be run on the Android terminals, that simulates the local sub-network and takes care of communications with other client applications
  2) A server application, that runs on a desktop pc and manages the topology of the virtual network that is made of the client terminals 
  
Communications among terminals are direct, i.e. the terminals form of a P2P network. The server facilitates the "UDP hole punching" technique to make direct communications among clients possible. A brief overview of the simulator can be found here; more technical details can be found here.

<h2>OvermindServer</h2>

This is the server application that runs in the Java Virtual Machine. The job of the server application is:
  1) Facilitating the UDP hole punching procedure, through which the clients connect to one another
  2) Managing the topology of the virtual network, of which the clients constitute the nodes
  3) Collecting the spikes generated by the sub-networks, so that they may be analyzed by an external application
  
The server application is heavily threaded and allows the manipulation of the topology of the virtual network through a GUI. It also provides raster-graph visualization of the activity of the sub-networks.
